Lien 0:00
Like before, I forgot is about the VP promotion roundtable thing. Like Adam Grasher mentioned, is like he asked me to present Adam Talley. Yeah, you think I should? Yeah, I just wanted like it's the first time doing it, so like I don't know how they set up.

Aizaz 0:17
You have the writer.

Lien 0:18
I had his writer. Write up that's written by other people, so I reviewed it. Yeah, it got

Aizaz 0:25
rewritten a couple of times. Right, came to me. I'm like, change this, change this, change that.

Lien 0:29
Yeah, yeah. I had a few asked to change, and they did it. I need to review it again. How do how does it work? Like, it's the first time doing it. Like, normally the past few years has been like constant doing it. So, like, you actually need to read that form, like front of some MDs. No,

Aizaz 0:46
no, no, no, no. You never read the form.

Lien 0:48
Like

Aizaz 0:49
you make some bullets. You basically it's an it's a pitch of this guy why he needs to be promoted.

Lien 0:54
Yeah. Okay. How long it takes? Like how how much time that you have? 10 minutes or four minutes or something. Keep it short and do something.

Aizaz 1:02
Really short, like you know, it's it's a GC roundtable, so it's probably easier.

Lien 1:06
Okay, it's

Aizaz 1:06
like all the strats.

Lien 1:08
All the like, do you know other than you like anything?

Aizaz 1:13
Cliff wall, right? Oh, okay, okay. Okay. Like clip wall, maybe clock. I don't know any clockers. Like clip wall, Abhishek, Sarkar, Pensei. Okay, might be like Strath and GC between Mumbai and Budapest and New York, and

Aizaz 1:28
and non New York.

Lien 1:29
Oh, non New York.

Aizaz 1:30
GC, Montreal.

Lien 1:31
GC means what? Like global center.

Aizaz 1:34
Center.

Lien 1:35
Okay. Oh, I thought like Budapest people is in the same pool as New York people. No, no.

Aizaz 1:40
For ED, yes, we know. Oh, do

Lien 1:41
you know that?

Aizaz 1:43
For ED, they're they're pulled to the North America or Europe or whatever. Oh, that's depending on how they spend most time.

Lien 1:50
Okay. So, for

Aizaz 1:51
instance, there are BP to ED candidates in Budapest, not ours. We don't have one. Budapest here.

Lien 2:01
No,

Aizaz 2:02
we'll kind of part Luca for now. I'm rebuilding his profile like completely independently, like giving him a different role. Yeah, right. Yeah,

Lien 2:10
yeah. His scope now is you know much bigger. Yeah, much bigger is potentially a ED scope. So yeah, all the AI and analytics structure. So it's like

Aizaz 2:19
he can if he if he if he does it, it's an easy win. Like it's pretty clear path to AD if he can do it.

Lien 2:25
Yeah, think so. Yeah.

Lien 2:27
Yeah, he's doing pretty good. Like for the past two months or so. Yeah. So okay, now do let me know like if you wanna want me to prepare anything. But like you're gonna present Nikla, right? So Nikla is also up. So I'm not sure. Like, should should I present

Aizaz 2:46
to Nikola will go into those. So that's a that's like Breno's that's an SPG thing.

Lien 2:52
Yeah. So like, you will handle Nikla, or you want me to handle Nikla?

Aizaz 2:58
I don't know how Brenner wants to do it, but there will be a meeting of the SPG MDs. Okay. We will discuss candidates in SPG.

Lien 3:09
Okay. Okay. So

Aizaz 3:11
I don't know how many he gets to do. Like there are probably 30 plus candidates from associate to VP in SPG.

Lien 3:18
Oh, oh, and traders and sales.

Aizaz 3:20
Trader sales strats combined. Yeah, yeah.

Aizaz 3:23
Okay, at the best like he will get 2022 done out of 32. Of those 22, we put up eight.

Lien 3:35
Okay. Eight for strat.

Aizaz 3:39
Yeah. Yeah.

Aizaz 3:40
Include including Antoine and yeah.

Lien 3:43
It I thought like begin at the beginning you said around five so no we put eight in yeah no eight eight out

Aizaz 3:50
of 32 right trying to get six done

Lien 3:54
Six done. Okay, yeah, that's a good ratio.

Aizaz 3:57
If I get six six done

Lien 3:59
yes for sure and for to be honest, like for these two candidates, it's early promotion anyway. So like you know, like they're gonna get it next year. They are performing. One was a little

Aizaz 4:08
like tricky because he's like pushy and like you know even Nate knows that he was like oh you know I needed to be promoted last year.

Lien 4:16
Well, it's his first year. Yeah, I

Aizaz 4:18
know. Like VP is very hard to get around that very quickly.

Lien 4:25
Yeah, it wouldn't hurt. Like you know, people all go ask to ask. Like if you don't ask, you don't get it. I I get it. Like there's a path to the madness, right? Path to the process. Yeah.

Aizaz 4:38
So that's fine. Yeah, we'll have to manage him. I don't know where, you know. I hope Nate doesn't really like, like override the process with like anybody else. Like there are people in the in thing who have a clear story. Nicola.

Lien 4:58
Yeah.

Aizaz 4:59
Right. Nicola in that in that like Nicola,

Lien 5:03
Charles,

Aizaz 5:04
Charles yeah, you know Versel, Jing,

Lien 5:09
yeah Ching yeah,

Aizaz 5:11
and then you got

Lien 5:18
this four plus Adam Talik plus yeah this

Aizaz 5:22
Adrian Tan in Europe, but these are the four, like two downstairs, one in agency, one non-agency, one in Resi, whole loan which we never had before. Yeah, it's a new thing, and then we have Link.

Lien 5:36
Yeah, Purcell is the only strat that support that desk, and the desk, yeah, it's doing okay, so there's no reason not to get here. Yeah, and for lending, you know, you such a big business, you have to get someone. Exactly. So, yeah, I see it makes sense. Yeah, I'm not challenging anything here. I think it makes a lot of sense, and like I know, like Antoine is pushing, but it's a second year. You know, it's too early, right? It's like next year is a normal year. If you

Aizaz 6:07
want to, we put him up still. We put him in the pool, but I'm not saying to you like

Lien 6:10
yeah, yeah. There's a chance now. Yeah, yeah, right. But yeah, makes sense. Cool. I think otherwise, and I will do Adam Talley, like whenever you decide like how to prepare. I don't have any information. Like I I don't know when it's gonna happen, who's gonna be there, you know, what's a guideline or anything. But if you hear any information, let me know if I can prepare a little. Okay, that's that's that. And for business, things are doing pretty well. Like we talked about last time, we talked about the portfolio trades. We end up one one out of the three portfolio trades. Like five,

Aizaz 6:58
4,000,000,001.

Lien 6:59
We we got the 4,000,000,001. Yeah, we got like 15 million PNL, which is okay. You know, you you can't get every trade. So I think it's it's working. You know, a new type of business is making a little bit money.

Aizaz 7:14
But honestly, okay. So I don't know where we are right now in terms of PNL. I think the third quarter was a little weak. Yeah, it is for SPG.

Lien 7:24
Yeah, but electric trading is fine. It's like 300 something. I know. Yeah.

Aizaz 7:30
Nile, put it this way: There's an optical meeting. SPGO this week last week last week Thursday and he said if the 3 billion number is a 3 billion handle is very important to get and he says the differentiating factor would be, let's say you may you get to 2.8 billion, and not three. The the comp differentiating factor is there. If you get to the 3 billion handle, comp is easy.

Lien 8:21
Where were we last year? SPG total. I only know 2.6. 2.6. Wow, that's a big jump. Where are we on track of on the lending side? I know where the downstairs are, but like not lending.

Aizaz 8:36
I think we're a little bit soft.

Lien 8:38
How far away? Like, are we softer than 2.6 last year, or are we more like 2.8 so far?

Aizaz 8:44
I think the 2.8 is what is being projected, and you think the differentiating factors are $200 million. That's how you put structure.

Lien 8:52
200 is a lot. Is a lot. Yeah,

Aizaz 8:54
but across businesses.

Lien 8:56
Yeah, I know. But across SPG agency,

Aizaz 8:58
everything, Europe, everything.

Lien 9:00
Yeah, we are talking about making from 350 last year. Last year was less than 350 to close to 400 years ago, which is already a pretty big like push on things. Yeah,

Aizaz 9:16
so the year in madness is full on now, right? Because it's like comp, the promotions, yeah, reviews, promotions, talent ranks,

Lien 9:33
all these urine stuff. Yeah, yeah. So everything happened before October, and you know the last two months is all this doesn't change too much from there.

Aizaz 9:46
So yeah, let's talk about talent ranks a little

Lien 9:48
bit. Yeah, talent

Aizaz 9:49
ranks. See, my constraints are the following. You have to understand where I'm coming from. This is how you have to optimize for the team. People who are consistently on a 10 rank five

Aizaz 10:08
will get more promotion stuff.

Aizaz 10:11
I don't want to ding them to four. Okay. Moving from three to the four bucket is all about like, have you done substantially different work from previous year, right? And I'm consciously moving three to four, the ones who've done substantially more and who have a. We have we're going to put up for promotion following year. So for next year's promotion, we did move for move from three to four for Hugo, and we did not do that for you

Lien 11:03
this year. This year, right?

Aizaz 11:04
Next year

Aizaz 11:05
we're gonna have to shift. Keep them

Aizaz 11:07
at four, and I'm gonna have to move the people who got promoted this year. Well, automatically I'm ding them further down by one because initial years of promotion doesn't really matter. You recalibrate back to three.

Aizaz 11:18
Yes, because you you know you have to

Aizaz 11:21
play this little bit like of a cycle game distributions because otherwise if you don't you're not going to like figure out a way to actually because my my my problem is I need to paint the picture that this person is in the path to growth and the ones who are the top talent ranks are to ding them means that you basically take prolonging your promotion, especially the ones who are senior. For seniors, which includes you, Atien Seb, you need to be in the same consistent bucket for you to be on the talking point for comp and promo, and for me the most important is to get compensation done, and then the promo compensation automatically happens. So the way I do it always is like it's always a comp conversation.

Lien 12:10
Yeah. I.

Aizaz 12:14
I just want to bring transparency to the process because I don't think yes. Yes. I think Costin probably explained this to you.

Lien 12:19
Nah, not really, not really. He made a decision in the previous years.

Aizaz 12:22
I know, but I appreciate that you. I don't operate like this. Yeah.

Aizaz 12:25
Okay, I'm very transparent around how, and as as part of the transparency, I do bring in in my management style, the clarity how we need to invest time with certain people in order to grow them.

Lien 12:36
Yes. Yes.

Aizaz 12:36
Because that conversation is what actually drives you to make your decisions easy, how you spending your time?

Lien 12:42
Yeah, yeah, exactly. Yeah, we know who to focus on. Who to focus

Aizaz 12:47
on? Where to grow them? If not, give them feedback and like take them somewhere.

Lien 12:50
Yeah, yeah, agree totally. Appreciate your. So you know. So that's the so

Aizaz 12:56
we go from talent rank to then is the feedback, right? This year's feedback. Okay, we discuss that, and then it's compensation conversations, and then it's compensation after that. The the promotion conversations, and then the combination. Yeah, but did you happen way before? So talent rank happened for now. We're going to do compensate conversation promote conversation next, feedback to people, and then promotion. Sorry, compensation. Yes, yes. In that order. Yeah. So pretty busy time.

Lien 13:32
Yeah. You're in.

Aizaz 13:33
Right. Yeah. But

Lien 13:35
yeah, it's gonna be this month, like October. Yeah, but I think October number,

Aizaz 13:39
October, November. Historically, I've always seen like my like my history, my career have been a complete bitch. Like honestly, like these two months are completely yes.

Lien 13:50
It's a busiest month. Like you know, it's just

Aizaz 13:52
busy. Just like

Lien 13:53
yeah, a lot of like those largest logistic things. I got you know human resources. And I have to travel

Aizaz 13:58
in October for a week. It's gonna kill me. My favorite. I have to be away for a week.

Lien 14:03
Like personal travel or yeah, I have to Pakistan.

Aizaz 14:05
I go every three four months. I go.

Lien 14:08
Okay, okay, yeah, it's fine. Like let me know if there's anything that you want me to like help you during your way or whatever.

Aizaz 14:16
Of course, I will tell you. Of course, yeah, just like yeah. Of course I will tell you.

Lien 14:18
All here, yeah, yeah. I think this is a good way for me to have a bigger picture of like better understanding what you are thinking about too, like which is very helpful.

Aizaz 14:32
So I think like just keep iterating on like you know a she if there's any trade which happens next.

Lien 14:40
Yeah, I'm about to, yeah,

Aizaz 14:44
be fucking all over it.

Lien 14:45
Yeah,

Aizaz 14:46
all over it. Like leave everything else and just focus on that. Yeah, this is the time to do that.

Lien 14:51
Yes, I'm about to mention that. Like now, like the first thing is about the portfolio trade. We have Don Juan, right? And there's a new type of trading opportunity that show us shows up two days ago, which she is very you know on top of it. Is like Freddie and Fanny give us a new type of credit score. It's called FACS, F A C S, right? Is another way of the traditional FICO. So the question to us is whether we can find out incremental, like trade opportunity using that new information. I'm working with Ashish Gupta to find out the first card, which is very promising. Last night we sent out to Ashish, telling him, okay, there's actually a trade opportunity, and you know, she's she's very on top of it. Having a call with Fanny today, to to because like it's new, so no one has done it, so has to talk to Fanny and see if Fanny is willing to cut a new type of you know credit bond for us, so that we can start to educate our clients and try to you know deal those kind of new bond, and we can have

Aizaz 16:10
the this thing

Lien 16:10
this new thing. So what's the what's the idea, right? So it's like this is a new FICO score. You got an old FICO score and the facts, and for a given FICO score, let's say around 720 average Brower score, the new score can range anywhere from 600 to 900. So it's the same FICO score, but the new score actually has a very wide distribution. Then you can look at each subgroup of this new score with the same today's score. Their prepayment like profiles are noticeably different to a level that you can actually trade a premium for the low new score.

Aizaz 17:02
I see.

Lien 17:02
So, the call protection for it is almost like a loan balance, loan balance story. So we trade like 80% of our spec puts as loan balance boost. This is like something has a big potential of like trading, like I think it's potentially get you half $1 on $100 bond, like you know additional profit, half a point. Yeah, potentially.

Aizaz 17:28
Yeah, because your your recent prepayment better. Yeah,

Lien 17:31
the prepayment is like noticeably better, and the volume is there too, like 20% of it. Yeah,

Aizaz 17:39
will you prepay faster?

Lien 17:40
Yeah, it prepays slower when you are in the money, and it's faster when you're out of money, which is like benefiting you both side. And you got enough liquidity there too. You got about 20% of your loan that fall into the so

Aizaz 17:55
it it prepays faster when you're

Lien 17:57
out of the money, out of

Aizaz 17:58
the money, which you

Lien 17:59
like. Okay, it's like when you are trading at $80 price, it put to par or like faster, which give you like and slower if you're in the money. If you are trading one $3 price, it pays slower, which is great. Oh wow, it's a good call protection. Yeah, makes a huge difference, and you can actually deal it because you got like 20% of the balance that fall into that profitable market bucket, like 20% of the the whole like you know FICO story has a.

Aizaz 18:29
So who's giving this data?

Lien 18:31
This is from Fanny and Freddie. They they haven't like publicly released it like to EMBS or anyone. Just like on their website, they were oh we are planning to give out a new information, there's a spreadsheet you can look at, and we just download it and you know do some like you know like the first mover study around it. Oh, that's amazing! Yeah, it just releases like they give you the news on among it. All this thing, huh? Facts. F A C S.

Aizaz 18:59
Facts.

Lien 19:00
Yeah, Freddie Mac, you know, Credit Score, they they have a new, like it's it's a different FICO thing. Yeah, very profitable, and Ashish is very on top of it, and we are just like doing these as a, the thing that we focus on.

Aizaz 19:17
Ashish is quite entrepreneurial.

Lien 19:19
Yeah, he is. He is. He's definitely is. Yeah, and but it's early. I mean, it's not a trade today. But you know, we we see the potential there. And he's like, you know, talking to Fanny and see like, if Fanny, we need to convince Fanny to cut a new type of spec pool for us. Then we try to sell it to to the clients who might be like interested. It's a new type of loan, right? It's a new trade, very interesting. And I want to talk about like cross team a little bit too. Like on the whole loan side, you know, we have been like doing a little bit favor for the whole loan traders because you know rates are selling off a lot and their risk is tended. So David, Israel, and Lies came over yesterday to talk through their risk and their PBY extension. How Ashisha and Johan would suggest them managing their risk yesterday, I I give them a live OES monitoring tool, which is like an hourly refreshed OES on coupon stack for you know coupon one and a half all the way to coupon seven and a half. Like what is a hourly OES change, so they gotta at least they got some like practical tool that they can monitor their risk extension and spread move on an hourly basis, more live data. So

Aizaz 20:51
you gave them a tool for their book.

Lien 20:53
For it's like more general tracking on the market, not their book. But you know, you just track how the mortgage market movement, like their number. If they have a hedge ratio in their mind, if their hedge ratio is like call it like 1.2 to to one share of TBA, then they can just adjust

Aizaz 21:11
it. Yeah, they can adjust.

Lien 21:12
Yeah, they don't need to. Can you share to be the same? Of course, it just call live OES slash. I can share with you. Like, I think this is a way that makes sense to us how you know SPG cross team should work. Whereas, like you know, if one team have a practical tool that traders use and find it useful, we should just share across different teams to try to let other traders to use it, not just to sharing tools around stress, but actually sharing the useful stuff among traders, so that we don't one we don't need to rebuild. Two, this is a proven thing that you know Ashishen and Johan actually use, so it's easier for them to tell David and Lien. Oh, there's a tool that I use.

Aizaz 22:01
OAS live, no live

Lien 22:03
OAS. I'll chat you live OAS. So we got them on the on the new tool yesterday, and today happened to a big day of like everything moves. So I just chat them. Oh, you know, look at that too. Like they were looking at it, they actually have it on their screen now. I think that that should be the way going forward.

Aizaz 22:26
Just ping him and say, "Here's something.

Lien 22:28
Oh, I actually didn't. Let me give it to him too. Yeah, I know. Yeah, I just give it to to their director.

Aizaz 22:33
Chen as well. This I gave it to them, so they should be coming to you.

Lien 22:36
Yes, yes, yes, definitely. I forgot that. I'll give it to them. Personnel-wise, personnel-wise, I think it makes sense for the Berkeley intern to to go to Victoria talk about it. But for any if for any reason that it doesn't work out, I always move right. That's why I said for a

Aizaz 22:57
day, like I kind of like framed it for Victoria for her to help, but if she's the public side and the person is sitting on the private side, then you just report to me, and that's fine. We'll get involved to work on the Azi stuff till time Echin is here. Someone needs to manage the guy. I don't know who that should be, Victoria or should be Priscilla. I don't know.

Lien 23:24
I feel like Victoria might be a better manager than Brazil. Brasseria is a little junior and doesn't really have the manager mindset at the moment.

Aizaz 23:33
I agree with that.

Lien 23:36
Yeah,

Aizaz 23:37
yeah, he's very like I want to get.

Lien 23:39
Yeah, it's more like you know the individual contributor mind side of I just get

Aizaz 23:44
to contribute. Yeah, and also like he doesn't know yet how to like work with with the team. Yeah, he needs to figure out how to work.

Lien 23:52
Yeah, it's more. I think it makes more sense like to go to Victoria. Yeah, even for Basel, feel like he need a. I know he's reporting to you, right? Like currently reporting

Aizaz 24:04
to each channel.

Lien 24:05
Yeah, that makes sense because like each time I have more time just

Aizaz 24:09
to like

Lien 24:10
spending more time with him. Someone need to. I'm

Aizaz 24:12
just thinking maybe just move a Twitter to private side and give it a

Lien 24:17
trader. My

Aizaz 24:19
her trader Jesse my

Lien 24:20
Jesse might push back, because she's the only senior like strad on us. I know, but

Aizaz 24:28
like maybe give more of a platform for her to as a VP

Lien 24:33
to manage people to

Aizaz 24:34
manage people and be more influencing the resi space and help Etienne a bit more. I don't know. I'm thinking about that, but it's tricky to do that. Like it's okay for a senior person to me be partly private and partly like I'm part of

Lien 24:49
for VPs. It's very hard to

Aizaz 24:51
actually like have them sit on the public floor while being private side. It's very hard.

Lien 24:56
Yes. Yeah. That's a bit of a trick. And for her to manage someone like Brissell or someone on the Resi side is like tricky too. Yeah, yeah.

Aizaz 25:07
Because she's not a strong like personality. She's very

Lien 25:11
sweet. She's too nice. Too nice for some like stand. But she's but she's very but she's very sharp. Yeah, she's she's smart, man. She's very smart, and she

Aizaz 25:22
knows what to like. She pins it down when when she sees it's kind of like not great. Yeah, yes, pretty quickly. Yeah, I've seen it.

Lien 25:30
Yeah, she's great. Yeah, like give her like a few years, like two three years. She can grow very fast. Yeah, yeah. She's just like a nice person. Really nice person. Yeah, which is a good thing. I mean, like you know, we

Aizaz 25:45
need to make sure she continues to like we spend time to grow her.

Lien 25:48
Yeah, she wasn't very happy like you know last monthish about like you know for while leaving and you know. I think she's she's doing fine now. She's she's much much better, and when Chen moves over, I think you know it's gonna be better. Yeah. Yeah,

Aizaz 26:09
she was a little upset. I saw that, and I started to spend time with her.

Lien 26:13
Yeah, but

Aizaz 26:14
I think she's better now.

Lien 26:15
She's better. I'm spending time with her too. Like you know, she's like just making sure that she's happy. Yeah.

Aizaz 26:21
I'm a little worried about the team actually.

Lien 26:24
Yeah, I because because

Aizaz 26:26
look, Nate's role is expanding. You know this?

Lien 26:31
No, I don't like it. He's two one like

Aizaz 26:33
he's going to take over all the private side strats. Oh, so all like the GCM and diabetes strats.

Lien 26:40
But they kind of like reporting to him, anyways. No.

Aizaz 26:42
Formerly, now he's going to be like going to GCM, working with GCM.

Lien 26:46
Oh, okay. Oh, look, like Joe, Josephine is like his people. No, but now he's on the hook

Aizaz 26:53
to deliver stuff.

Lien 26:54
Okay. Yeah. Right. It's more official.

Aizaz 26:57
It's going to get official. Yeah. Yeah. So people in Budapest, like he, he, like he's going to attach some of the success to him, or people will attach failures to him as well, which means he's going to have to build a team over there and take a look take a look at that team when that works in IBD and GCM. I'm

Lien 27:17
I'm

Aizaz 27:19
just being cognizant of that. That there'll be pressure for people to actually improve the the the pool of people, and they basically coach our people here and there.

Lien 27:36
Yeah, they have been doing this for the past year or so. We lost one person on the agency side

Aizaz 27:42
to GCM.

Lien 27:43
GCM, Robert Dora in Budapest. Yeah, for they're gonna reach out more because Joe is like a SPG person. She knows more people on the SPG side. She's gonna reach out. Yeah. I think we can keep Victoria. Like we talk to her and just make sure.

Aizaz 28:01
I think we need to keep her.

Lien 28:03
Yeah.

Aizaz 28:03
So that's very important.

Lien 28:04
Yeah. Yeah. I will keep on the conversation with her, so like we have a kind of a regular catch up. Yeah,

Aizaz 28:13
I catch up with her. I do also have a regular catch up with her. Yeah. Not that didn't happen this week because she's out.

Lien 28:18
Yeah. Yeah. We should do that more. Yeah. Yeah. Other than Victoria, Shuhab, I feel like you know, I would like to push that, if that makes sense to you. Like when he graduated, we can you know try to make it more of a real thing, like Shuhab, like the the kid. Oh,

Aizaz 28:41
so help.

Lien 28:42
Yeah,

Aizaz 28:43
so help. Yeah, look, it's up to you. Like if we have, I

Lien 28:46
like him. If you get him to get him

Aizaz 28:49
through a few interview process with your own team. Yeah, right. Like literally, like hey, do

Lien 28:54
the profile. Yeah, look at the

Aizaz 28:55
look at him and say, hey, I'm gonna actually have you come in and talk to talk to have him talk to Nicola. Yeah, have him talk to some junior. Yeah. As a as an interview

Lien 29:03
set up, so we can, you know, not just like I'm saying like okay, no, do a do a bit of an interview with him. Yeah, it's a formal thing. Yeah, you know. So do

Aizaz 29:12
so have that have him go through the interview process, and then if you find him really good, then fine, we figure out a way, but not without that.

Lien 29:21
Sure, sure. If we're gonna do it, like we need to do it the right way. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But you know, and keep looking for

Aizaz 29:27
other people as well.

Lien 29:28
Yeah,

Aizaz 29:28
it's okay. We can actually hire.

Lien 29:30
Yeah. Yeah, I think like we definitely need to expand like a little bit because like PL Go is bigger. You know, you need to, like, for new business, like it just takes more than existing. You need to like explore. You need to build up new ideas, new new things. Try out, and Korea and Gupta has been like very helpful, like to the extent to give me a little bit of additional coverage or bandwidth, I can actually work on new things. Yeah. Right. So like it has been pretty

Aizaz 30:06
good. She's good. You should load him up.

Lien 30:07
Oh, she's like very fast. Like that new type of trade, the fact thing. He's the one that helping me like give him as much as work. Yeah.

Aizaz 30:17
He's a workhorse. He works

Lien 30:19
hard and works fast and he's smart. Like quality, pretty good. Yeah, need to guide him a little bit. He's junior, but like, and I told

Aizaz 30:25
him he can move downstairs for some months if you want.

Lien 30:28
Yeah,

Aizaz 30:28
just take him.

Lien 30:29
Yeah, I told him too. Like you know, just come down. Like you know, I will find you a seat and yeah, just get a

Aizaz 30:34
seat for him for a few months.

Lien 30:35
Yeah,

Aizaz 30:36
start with that and see what happens.

Lien 30:37
Yeah, yes, definitely. He's pretty good. Yeah, yeah. Otherwise, I think everything else is running pretty pretty well. So he's pretty

Aizaz 30:47
like, from my perspective, I've kind of like hired him, and he should just, in my mind, I'm switched to basically he's working for you, really.

Lien 30:57
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's working more on agency side, where Frank is working on some agency stuff. Yeah, yeah. Don't

Aizaz 31:03
worry about Frank. Whatever he's doing, he's going to do Resi.

Lien 31:06
Yeah,

Aizaz 31:06
Frank is going to do Resi. Resi, okay. And this guy's on. Yeah,

Lien 31:10
actually, she's pretty good. So the two guys

Aizaz 31:13
who have it in the Corey has is sorted. Yeah, Kelly is moving.

Lien 31:18
Sebo's team. Yes, yeah. Sibel told me, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Siebel needs someone, but like you know, Kelly is, yeah, yeah, it's okay.

Aizaz 31:28
She's a nice person. She may be able to make it work. Actually, it's okay.

Lien 31:32
She's like you know, talking to people type of person. My workout, I mean, she's not very happy about whatever like she's doing. The young kids only knows what they don't like. They don't know what they like, so it's a problem for them. Yeah, it's always a case like you know, you need to lose like 10% of people every year. So it's it's a fact. Otherwise, I don't have any blockers. Zai Ching is doing very well too. Like she's the main strat supporting the agency CMBS desk now. Visa hub from Nicola, but she's like driving. Celena

Aizaz 32:13
gonna go or no?

Lien 32:15
What do you mean? Go work or

Aizaz 32:16
whatever she's looking at.

Lien 32:18
Cecilia. Cecilia, yes. Cecilia, Cecilia.

Aizaz 32:22
So they put it. The swap guy. They didn't give him a job or no?

Lien 32:26
So like, Cecilia is your number one internal candidate, but they temporarily put it on hold because David Bai, who's a swap like trading guy. He talked to Avery, and Ivery apparently said like, you know, I don't want to just take people from SPG. It's like a conversation that he need to have with you and Nate, and they kind of like put it on a pause a little bit, and David is just feeling like okay, if it's like even more of a problem, like hiring internally, why don't I just hire someone who's currently doing e-trading from other places? And he's like a little hesitated about moving forward at the moment.

Aizaz 33:25
I mean, if she's good for the job, then she should take. He should take her.

Lien 33:30
I think so too. And you know, you

Aizaz 33:32
want me to nudge it and push it through?

Lien 33:34
I I don't have a strong preference of like either way. I don't think Seb has a strong preference either. To be honest, he's not thinking about it. Like, if you don't have

Aizaz 33:47
strong preference, then let her go.

Lien 33:49
Yeah, it's not like well, we are not holding up. If yeah, she's like, if the other team wants, I

Aizaz 33:57
want to do this too. Yeah,

Lien 33:58
we can do that too. We can we can we can do that too, but like you know, it's a head count, you know. Like I, you know, before we say,

Aizaz 34:08
don't worry about that. Yeah, don't hold on to the headcount. People don't want to be here. There's a fucking lie out here to work at SPG. I'm telling

Lien 34:16
you. Yeah, yeah, I know. Like people reaching out. Yeah, yeah. Don't

Aizaz 34:19
worry about that. We'll keep rotating trend to some of the people around. It's okay.

Lien 34:23
Yeah, this is how you're gonna grow. Yeah, for Cecilia, actually, yeah, I agree. But like Cecilia is is actually pretty well run. Like she's she I put her in other teams, she's gonna be a top performer. She's pretty good. Like technically, like pretty good communication, very good. Like there's no like, like very stand out like like weak points from her profile. She's actually pretty good. She's VP. She got like four years until she got promoted to VP because the team is like too tight. You you got like every like we probably hired too many like in the same kind of like cohort, you know. We let's

Aizaz 35:09
let's move her to non-agency then. We

Lien 35:11
can actually because like she's she can be a another Victoria. You know what

Aizaz 35:16
I would do?

Lien 35:17
Yeah,

Aizaz 35:17
I would just give her over to Etienne and trade the headcount to agency from him.

Lien 35:25
We can do that too

Aizaz 35:26
because he has an agency headcount, non-agency headcount. Okay. I was just literally. Oh, okay. Yeah.

Unidentified person 35:35
How are you? Sorry. Sorry to take you. Thank you so much. Very nice to see you.

Lien 35:43
We can find something here. No one is in the big room. We can finish it quickly.

Aizaz 35:53
So yeah, just think about that.

Lien 35:55
Yeah, this is a way to go, but her preference. I feel like she wants to do like more e-trading stuff. You know, Yankees. It's all like either e-trading or AI. It's like what they want to do. But you know, I don't know whether she want to move to non-agency.

Aizaz 36:17
Like she can do e-trading for non-agency. The marksman thing for like CMBS, RMB, like all of like electronic stuff on

Lien 36:25
yeah

Aizaz 36:26
on non-agency if there's a demand

Lien 36:28
yeah I think she can do like

Lien 36:31
yeah she can be another Victoria

Aizaz 36:33
whatever whatever honestly speaking Victoria is not that person she Victoria is not the genie equivalent of non-agency. Victoria wants to be like you. Victoria wants to know the next prepayment model, you know, and actually work with a trader.

Lien 36:56
Yeah.

Aizaz 36:58
If society is a person who wants to build infra? E-trading is all about infrastructure, actually, mostly 95. Yes,

Lien 37:06
in 90, like they they don't have a lot. Yeah, yes, it's all infrastructure. They don't do a lot. So if you want to electronic terms of

Aizaz 37:11
GWX, and like you know connecting the dots and building infrastructure, doing like very cool things around the flow of information and doing stuff around marksmen and electronic pricing and all that stuff.

Lien 37:27
Yeah, there's there's a role for

Aizaz 37:28
her to do in non-agency, honestly, like a real role.

Lien 37:31
Yeah, maybe like we should like let her

Aizaz 37:35
do that.

Lien 37:36
Do that as an attorney. It's just an option, right? Like you know, whether she wants to do it or not. If

Aizaz 37:42
she wants to do that, like let's pitch it to her.

Lien 37:44
Yeah, and we can, yeah, as you said, like treat a head calm with. Because

Aizaz 37:48
remember, when somebody is talking to somebody else in the in internally, don't think they're not only talking internally; they're also talking externally.

Lien 37:56
Oh yeah, yeah, no, like they do, like.

Aizaz 38:00
So having said that, like if you propose, if you propose a change yourself, preemptively knowing this information is far better.

Lien 38:08
Yeah,

Aizaz 38:09
because ultimately everybody wants to make progress in some way.

Lien 38:12
Yeah. Yes, and it's pretty tight competition within agency team too. Agency is

Aizaz 38:18
the rocksteller team, right? What are you gonna do there? Like, yeah, it's just like

Lien 38:22
it's just too hard for him for her to like you know be the top performer. Yeah, yeah. Not seeing she's not good, but it's just like very hard. Yeah, it's like other people are really like you know killing things. Yeah. Oh

Aizaz 38:34
my God, Janelli is like, oh my, she's running the lab now. Good luck. What's

Lien 38:39
going on on tennis floor? Good, good, good, good, all good. Yeah,

Aizaz 38:42
she's very good.

Lien 38:44
Yeah. So where where you see her like you know bigger picture like wanna put her on like a bigger B week B week related like AI related stuff or I I mean like this B week thing is not just for agency I feel like not just like SPG. It can be everywhere. Every desk will need a BWI process. You know, like if you go to like corporate paddy, like this can do a lot of good things for for them. Like every trading desk, if you use Bloomberg Chat, right? It's basically what the initial setup for the echo team of like it's not it's not for a business line. It's more of a horizontal team. It can cover all of the sales related. Like you know, it is like connecting all the all the trading. Now even not even like fit. It's like all the all the trading, and you can do beyond trading too. Like if GCM guys are talking to their clients on Bloomberg, you got echo feed. It doesn't have to be be weak. You can be like this market sentiment, right? You got the big data AI like tool to really not just like we are at, you know, step one, which is like parsing those things into a table. We can we can do way beyond that. Yeah, yeah. It's just like just a very little step, like baby step. Like you go you can you can do the sentiment of of like how people actually feel about the market, and AI can actually figure out. Oh, if that sentiment signal happen, what is the next movement that we should do about? You know, if people thinking about race going even higher, what kind of trade within feed? What what kind of trade like GCM should do? Which are the clients we should approach? Right, if regional banks like Morgan Stanley stock drop like you know 15 20% already from like you know two months ago to three months ago. That's Morgan Stanley. If you are like a smaller bank, you probably have some problem at the moment, right? We need to send some advisor to them and just talk to them and help them to restructure triggering all these like portfolio trade. Talk to them like, oh, your all your like bond purchase has like go underwater. What what should you do? How would you manage your risk? They don't know. Like they they don't have experts doing it. We can help them, and we can, you know, connect them to to trading, connect them to our GCM advisors, who can do a lot beyond just like parsing a table. Like this is like a lot. This is like a a way bigger scope, I think. Just like the first thing, yeah.

Aizaz 41:42
The thing is here, like you know, nobody in the team is thinking the way you are.

Lien 41:50
Well, like they should, like we try to bring all the juniors to think the same way of like you know.

Aizaz 41:56
I know,

Lien 41:57
yeah, to try.

Aizaz 41:58
But can Cecilia think the same way?

Lien 42:03
Not today, but like years ago. Right. But it's like some. Yeah. Yeah. Not everyone will get to the point, but we are trying to at least for for for agency team at least to push everyone to think the same way of like, oh, like how do we actually make a trade out of these? We are not just doing immodel exercises. We're not just like doing homework here. You like there has to be some tradable or executable thing after that, right? It doesn't have to be a she's trading it. It could be some other people trading it, but there has to be something behind it so that you do the work.

Aizaz 42:48
You do the work because somebody else can make a decision on the back of the road.

Lien 42:51
Yes, yes. The decision could be oh, it's actually not treatable, but it's a decision point. You know, you work on three, four things. There's one thing that's treatable. You you you get some additional, yeah. So like, so how do we

Aizaz 43:05
get people to actually have that mindset?

Lien 43:08
Force them to, like, force them to think about that way. Like, when people talk to you about like the the great work, then, you know, are we making money out of it? How traders are using it. Like after these traders are making a decision to trade or not, how how can we make? Let's see, like you know, be weak the very first step when we have a table. How traders are using it today? Can we actually drive one use case of one trader use this table or this information, additional piece of information, to make a trade decision differently than what they do yesterday. Just one example. I

Aizaz 43:56
asked exactly this question yesterday.

Lien 43:58
Yeah, yeah, we are thinking about the same thing. I

Aizaz 44:01
asked the question yesterday. I'm like, you're putting all this BV thing together. It's data ingestion in this lab. You're doing like ingestion of data, BWIC, and using color. But then, when you actually put a bit together, what is the interaction? What decision? What with this information? How are you enabling the sales and traders to have something on their fingertips which they can use to make a better judgment on the price of the bond? Yeah, whether it is color, cover, yes, you're saving some time X, Y, Z. But like, what are you giving them to make some decision? We clearly haven't gotten there. But in the next lab, now we're thinking. I'm like, this is not stopping here. Even the sales and trading people, they are walking away by saying Max and the other guy, or another guy's name, Jake. They came over and they're saying, you know, we're gonna actually think about this as to how to do another lab or something like the project we want to do on the follow, because the. the traders or the salespeople don't even think that way. They're in their workflow. They have a. They don't

Lien 45:10
understand a bigger word of other than their Bloomberg screen. They don't. They don't. They don't know. Or a

Aizaz 45:17
process which currently is mapped out. I'm going to do these five things: copy and paste numbers here, blah blah blah. They have this figured out. They don't know how to disrupt that thing, right? The smart strat is going to come and disrupt the current way of working.

Lien 45:31
That's that's what we do. Yeah, you have

Aizaz 45:33
to you have to disrupt the current way of working. Yeah, that's where you add value.

Lien 45:36
Yes,

Aizaz 45:38
even in the lab right now, Janiali is doing a great job in bringing infrastructure together, but she hasn't figured out how to disrupt the way they work.

Lien 45:45
That's like the thing that actually makes a difference for that project. Yes, and I, to be honest, I do see the BWEG, the not just BWIG, but the whole thing has a much much bigger scope that you know we can push together. It's like it's it's bigger than SPG. It's bigger than feed. It's like it's gonna benefit the firm dramatically. So like it just like helping the traders and the business person, whether a trader, sales, or a IBD banker, to know who to talk to at certain market movements. We don't. We're not talking about looking at 10-year rates moving up 15 basis point. Everyone knows it at that point. It doesn't matter anymore because everyone knows it. We can we can subtract the information from the the tones of how you talk to that hedge fund trader. You know, a little bit of how these like smart guys, they don't they wouldn't tell you like exactly how. oh, I'm actually worrying about something. They're not gonna see that, but they're gonna just come to you and ask some like very vague questions. If we train the AI, I think AI has the ability to do it to figure out. Okay, that group of people don't normally come in to ask this type of question. You know, historically they come in asking those type of questions, lead to a trade. They sell some of their bond maybe a day after or champagne. Like this, connect the dots. Those are the information traders and sales. I don't think a lot of them like have in their mind about you know these those smart guys actually talking about something because I think about salespeople right. Everyone covers a separate group of clients. You know, maybe I cover Citadel today. They talk to me. It doesn't feel good. They worry about something, but I'm not necessarily sharing that information across board, right? Which, not to protect that information, but like, you know, those colleagues who cover those mutual funds who normally move later. If you know that information, your you know fast mover guys start moving, and you start to talk to your mutual fund clients. You will be front footed, and you will lead that conversation rather than they come to you ask for a bid when they want to sell, you should work with them and see. Okay, this is how you want to sell because we already see with the hedge. You saw the

Aizaz 48:47
challenges, the technical challenges.

Lien 48:49
Yeah.

Aizaz 48:50
So, Echo doesn't give you the full. It doesn't allow you to have access to like full history.

Lien 48:58
Yeah, it's like piecewise. It's

Aizaz 49:00
piecewise. Yeah. So you can like have a little bit of a window, and you can yeah you can extract information. Yeah. So you can do that, but then what happens is that you have to all stitch it together and do another reasoning logic. And after you stitch it together.

Lien 49:14
Yeah. Yeah. It's computational power, which is not a huge thing. So you don't have to do the whole universe.

Aizaz 49:23
I know, but you have to in order to build the context. You have to stitch it together.

Lien 49:28
Yes,

Aizaz 49:28
pieces of information with

Lien 49:29
a handful of clients. Yeah, conversation, which is doable. Yeah, yeah. I don't worry about the technical things. Like you got all the you know very smart like people there. Like they can figure out. You just give them, or Geniality would give them the the direction more more so too. Because

Aizaz 49:47
my original thought was like, why can't I was always fighting this thing. Why can't we actually take all the data and like have it available to us historical, and we can kind of like run LLMs on historical data from from Echo, and you can't.

Lien 50:03
You can't. It's like the context window

Aizaz 50:06
is like they open up the context window a little bit, but it's not like massive.

Lien 50:10
No, no, it's like a million token. Yeah, it's like

Aizaz 50:13
you have to you have to like piecemeal it, yeah, and then rerun that analysis as you stitch it all together.

Lien 50:18
Yeah, but it's not like you have you can only handle five sentences. It's not that way. No, it's not that way actually. Yeah. So you got some like. Yeah. This is like what quants do, right? You find out the right parameters of like the sweet spot of like how much you want to fit in, which are the client subgroups that you want to stitch together. This is what we like. We our work is not to oh, what is a the full universe of the data? I dump it into a machine learning model and give me a result. That's what not what we do. We find out we cut it in a very precise way and get the most information out of it. Right. This is what we do. This is the modeling art. Right. So they have to be sharp around it. You know. Yeah. Need to know. the product. You need to know the context. You need to know how the traders trade, how traders think about things, and but they are doing great. I mean, this is the first step setting up the the round. But I just feel this is like a multi-year initiative that can go so much bigger. Yeah, it can drive people to the MD positions. You know, think about like someone who drives like Generally, like being the head of like running the whole thing can just be, you know, like handling everything like feed, equity, GCM. You know, everything like just naturally fit into the making the firm smarter concept, right? So this is way bigger than than this.

Aizaz 51:52
Okay, I have a feel around Cecilia then if she wants to do non-agency and work with Jenny Ali more.

Lien 51:59
Yeah,

Lien 52:01
Could be, like, yeah. Cecilia is pretty good. My point, my only point being, if she's good, then we should not

Aizaz 52:10
give it a path to be an SPG.

Lien 52:12
Yeah, yeah. But I also feel like she wants to do e trading, but we can convince non-strat, or as a strat, as a strat, more like doing like e-trading stuff, like book e-trading book. Yeah, e-trading book, kind of like

Aizaz 52:29
similar to what like Seb is doing.

Lien 52:32
Seb is like doing internalization trade. Like, I think she's thinking more for like you know, more like David Massinghan's team, like that type of e-trading role. That

Aizaz 52:47
they have those roles.

Lien 52:49
E-trading side, like Masenhan's team, occasionally open up, but they also have a line of people who's planning to join. So I think I don't think CDI is you know that that business

Aizaz 53:04
is also like very mature.

Lien 53:06
But people move to that team planning on moving outside, you know, after a year or two, they constantly lost people as well because you learn e trading and you go to Two Sigma, you go to Cedar, Two Sigma Hudson River Trading,

Aizaz 53:25
Tower Research,

Lien 53:26
Tower, yeah, Jump, you know those few hedge funds who pay you more. You know that's they are not planning to stay with that team either. More like a stepping stone.

Aizaz 53:41
Is that what you want to do?

Lien 53:43
I don't know. You know, young people. You know, I wouldn't blame anyone who have a plan to make more money. So, if that's the way, I I get it. Rather than like I'm I'm like old school, like doing all this like voice trading stuff. But like yeah, I feel like if you you can make enough money here too, like you know, artist makes like more than that you trade. There's

Aizaz 54:08
no recipe to that, right? Like everybody have their own recipe to it.

Lien 54:12
Yeah, yeah.

Aizaz 54:13
All right, let's think about Mister Lien.

Lien 54:15
Yeah. All right. Thank you. Yeah, of course, of course. Yeah, thank you for your time and transparency. All right, I'll see you. Yeah, see you. I'll just walk down here.
